feat(components): updates tooltip component (#2394)
swisspost/design-system: .changeset/swift-tips-kiss.md

---
'@swisspost/design-system-documentation': minor
'@swisspost/design-system-components': minor
---

> Update tooltip minHeight and maxWidth and added a new property arrow to tooltip that defines wheter or not the pointer arrow is displayed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Updated the tooltip `min-height` and `max-width` and added a new property arrow to the tooltip, that defines wheter or not the pointer arrow is displayed.
```
